this is boobies stainless-steel
insulated lunch boxes there are 500 ml
capacitor each hand comes in random blue
and they're leak proof so you can put
juicy fruit like watermelons or even
serving it and your Warlick this one has
a pumpkin circuit one good thing I like
I really like about the boobie semister
lunch boxes is that the interior is
actually made in stainless steel and
most of the stainless steel free
cocktails you see on the market even
though they're made from stainless steel
the link is actually plastic so with
boobie your board only have comes out
with semi still there were liquid size
the fact on your milk as it is a really
good size for children my kids
there are under four and this is perfect
size for them there's a silicon ring
here you can see that that's what it
makes the lunchbox leak-proof and
another thing i want to point out is
kind of the closet is is that it's a
draining home though so if you wash them
especially if you're putting the
dishwasher you need to watch you a
little when you take the container out
the water will come out from there but
they actually recommend him wash
although I've been putting mine in the
dishwasher over the last two years and
I'd never had problem with it but the
manufacturer they do suggest that just
hair wash it to make sure these flus
wherever when you get your boobie you
will see there's arrow marking the top
and arrow marking the bottom here and
you're supposed to like that then and
not tighter
Kitely but I find that if if you put
very hot food in there for example
that's what I usually do that make my
children's food really hard in the
morning so by the time those time comes
even those five six hours later the food
is still very warm when they have it at
lunchtime in that case a lot actually
tied it to like step because it will get
tighter as time goes on so I usually
title around there so then my children
is able to open it at lunchtime if you
want to use it for adults or older
children you may need to look at the 850
ml capacity or the 950 ml capacity which
we'll explain in another video